---
{"dg-publish":true,"permalink":"/03 Processing/A series of Letters to The Monster/you always do/","tags":["letter","person/TheMonster","queer","come_out"],"noteIcon":"","created":"2025-07-17T21:21:50.132-04:00"}
---

when I quit the church, I knew you would be afraid, and that you would let me know, because you always do.

I have experienced the friction of your hang ups for as long as I can remember. it has been a constant background hum in my life. Whether I like it or not you've make it clear that you're willing to waste another precious moment we both have left in this beautiful paradise attempting to convince me that I am unhappy being myself. but that's not how the self works. I've explained this to you before, but I have learned to be patient and I will explain it once again. You cannot choose how someone else thinks. that is the nature of reality. how we choose to interact with the world is something sacred, it says everything about a person. The Modus Operandi that I have chosen is to try my best to be patient with you. I do hate your fucking guts, I think you are a coward, I think my state of being makes you afraid because you do not want to accept that a person such as me could live in a way so different to you and be happy. but that is the nature of reality. every day people like me wake up and be happy and experience friction from people like you. 

Every time I do anything that branches out of what your ideology considers "acceptable" is when you decide that I need to know how you think about it. let me put it in simple terms, I care more about the invasive stink bugs than I care about your way of thinking. I have heard all I need to hear! I'm sick of it! the medium is the message and your ideology speaks for itself in your conduct. You don't care about anything other than assimilation, and I refuse to assimilate with someone who has caused me so much pain.

I briefly dated a brilliant artist and on our first date we went on a walk on a back road and after a few cars drove by us in the darkness I had a morbid thought. what if one of the people driving past us was a person who hates trans people so much that they decided to do something evil. I then realized how far my brain had wandered in a few short moments and that she was still talking to me as we walked. and then I had a more beautiful thought. I wouldn't have it any other way. if my life ended feeling loved by a wonderful person for just a few short hours then it all would have been worth it and I would choose that choice to be trans again.

when I consciously chose to alter my hormonal levels in my body to change it in a way that I prefer, I knew you would be afraid, and that you would let me know, because you always do.

you taught me this. this fear you try your best to infect me with. I do not wish to embroil myself in the fear that when I die I will experience unbearable pain. I'm so sorry to say it like this, but it has to be said. you are a sucker. you have been taught that it is okay to embroil yourself in your fears. and you project your fears onto other people. you assume that everyone thinks like you and that everyone is afraid of everything. but I'm not like you. fear of the dark is very simple. I love how Jacob Geller put it. "there's either nothing there, or there's something there" and the obvious logical answer is to choose to believe that nothing's there. Living in fear of the thing that might or might not be there is not worth the emotional stress that you would inflict on yourself if you chose to believe otherwise. your religion is what teaches you to think there is a Boogeyman and then it gives you the solution. which is to assimilate, and I do not wish to assimilate with people who embroil themselves in fear.

When I took off my shirt the other day, I had genuinely made a habit of taking off my shirt and sitting out in the morning sun to help build a tan before 10 am comes around. I almost hesitated for half a second, but I chose not to. because I knew that sooner or later you would be afraid, and that you would let me know, because you always do.

~ Lewa 💚